insert into course_data values(null,'Hippocrates Challenge','Hippocrates Challenge 2014 is a course designed for anyone with an interest in medicine. The course focuses on teaching anatomy in an interactive way students will learn about diagnosis and treatment planning while...','The Course The year is 2032. You are the doctor on a ship of 5000 when suddenly you encounter hostile forces. Now the sickbay is overflowing with the injured and dying. Your mission is to repair reconstruct and regenerate your wounded shipmates before time runs out. Welcome to the Hippocrates Challenge 2014 a course designed for anyone with an interest in medicine. When you take the challenge in this course you''ll be offered the opportunity to gain a better understanding of the structure and function of the human body how tissues respond to injury and how stem cells and regenerative medicine can change the face of treatment of trauma. Using case-based studies and collaborative projects you will diagnose patients and then work in teams to repair and reconstruct their injuries. By the end of this course you will have had the chance to learn the principles of human physiology and anatomy surgical reconstruction and explore the innovative new field of regenerative medicine. More Information **Statement of Accomplishment** Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor. This statement will not stand in the place of a course taken at Stanford or an accredited institution.','https://novoed.com/hc','https://www.youtube.com/embed/y8RgYbSuQgM?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2014-09-01,0,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Raising Startup Capital','In this online course you will learn what type of investment is best for your startup: venture capital angel capital grant funding friends-and-family funding or self-funding. You will learn from experienced...','The Course Learn from Experienced Silicon Valley Entrepreneurs and Investors: If you want to raise funding for your startup you probably already know there is more to it than creating an impressive investment pitch deck. In this course instructors from the leading venture capital training program the Kauffman Fellows Program teach you how to manage the fundraising process--from identifying potential investors to making your investment pitch to driving a funding to closure. In addition to entrepreneurs who are raising funds or who anticipate raising funds in the near future this course is also for anyone who works with the venture community including lawyers accountants angel investors bankers policy makers regulators and educators. In this online course you will learn what type of investment is best for your startup: venture capital angel capital grant funding friends-and-family funding or self-funding. You will learn from experienced Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors specific strategies for approaching investors and techniques for managing the fundraising process for success. Our goal in this course is for you to become more efficient and effective in raising capital for your startup. This class focuses on venture capital fundraising in particular as it requires the most sophistication and planning. If you understand how to raise venture capital you are in good shape for raising capital from other sources. Through this course you will understand: The goals and investment criteria for venture capitalists angels friends and family and philanthropic organizations. When you should raise funding from each source and the pros / cons of each. How to use your network to get a first meeting. How to create forcing functions to drive a funding to closure. Common mistakes and how to avoid them. How to be more efficient in fundraising by minimizing time spent on low probability funding sources. How to be more effective in fundraising by making the best use of your limited time with investors. More Information This class will be team-oriented and practice-based. Through videos and readings you?ll learn fundraising best practices. However much of the learning in this class will take place as you work with other students in virtual teams to apply these practices to case studies and real startups. Course Syllabus Week 1: Your funding options Goals investment criteria and typical form of investment for self-funding friends and family angels and venture capitalists Pros / cons of each investment type Week 2: Grant funding Sources of grant funding Could your startup get grand funding Should your startup get grand funding Pursuing grant funding I got the grant! Now What Gates Foundation case study Week 3: Pre Funding preparation How to identify funding sources that fit your startup How much to raise When to raise Building relationships with investors Fund raising materials Creating an A & B target list Week 4: The 1st meeting VC context How to get the first meeting 1st meeting goals The pitch 1st meeting tips Warning signs for investors How to answer ?what are your valuation expectations? Week 5: 1st meeting to investment Typical process post 1st meeting Managing radio silence Managing rejection Creating a forcing function Negotiation thoughts Choosing among investors More Information Workload: 2 - 4 hours / week Prerequisites: This is an introductory course and there are no prerequisites. Technical Requirements: You need a computer that allows you to watch the video lectures and provides the ability to upload your assignments which will include text reports and images or video. Statement of Accomplishment: Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor. This statement will not stand in the place of a course taken at Stanford or an accredited institution.','https://novoed.com/startupcapital','https://www.youtube.com/embed/T3HsOWZ5wWU?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2014-05-01,0,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','149.00','English','Yes','Kauffman Fellows Academy Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Venture Deals','This course will demystify venture capital deals and give both first-time and experienced entrepreneurs a definitive guide to secure funding. Veteran venture capitalists Brad Feld and Jason Mendelson partners at the...','The Course This course will demystify venture capital deals and startup financing to give both first-time and experienced entrepreneurs a definitive guide to secure funding. Taught by renowned venture capitalists Brad Feld and Jason Mendelson partners at the Foundry Group and authors of Venture Deals the course reveals the secrets behind how venture financings really work. Feld a well-known speaker and author of several books in the Startup Revolution series published by John Wiley & Sons began financing technology startups in the early 1990s first as an angel and later as an institutional investor. In this course together with an international network of entrepreneurs you will learn the best strategies for getting a fair deal. While learning you will be making connections with your classmates that can help take your pitch or deal to the next level. Whether you''re looking for financing for your venture or looking to fund an entrepreneur you''ll get smarter about the process by taking Venture Deals. In addition to professionals wanting to enter the venture capital field and entrepreneurs looking to raise venture capital funding this course also benefits anyone who wants to learn more about financing including lawyers accountants angel investors bankers policy makers regulators and educators. This course will enable you to: Network with entrepreneurs and financiers from around the world with whom you will work with on real projects? Get a firm grasp of how venture capital deals and other financings come together Find the right VC for your company Learn the strategies for getting the best deal possible Determine what?s negotiable and what?s not in a venture deal Structure financings using term sheets capitalization tables and syndication all with the goal of minimizing risks. You will learn by doing in this online course. You will work in virtual teams and gain leadership and assessment skills you can apply to your own fundraising strategies for your business. Designed by experienced venture capitalists for new and professional entrepreneurs the seven week curriculum will improve your ability to consummate a transaction in venture capital financing while avoiding common mistakes. Our team-based exercises allow for substantial interaction with other students and the opportunity to build a network of fellow entrepreneurs from around the world. More Information This online class will be team oriented and practice based. Videos and readings reveal the players behind venture transactions; how VC funds work; how both VC?s and entrepreneurs can and should structure the deal as well as what needs to be done post-investment. Much of your learning will take place as you work with your virtual teams to secure the best terms for a venture capital funding for your startup. Workload: 4-6 hours / week Statement of Accomplishment: Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructors.','https://novoed.com/venture-deals','https://www.youtube.com/embed/RWUx5qm-xrg?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2014-03-31,49,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','249.00','English','Yes','Kauffman Fellows Academy Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Mastering Language for the Common Core State Standards: Focus on Mathematics in Elementary Grades','Starting with instructional exemplars developed by the Understanding Language Initiative at Stanford University the course will first explore principles for language-supported rigorous content instruction aligned to...','The Course The Common Core State Standards for Mathematics are notable for raising the rigor of student language demands during math instruction. Students are expected to understand complex problems engage in constructive classroom conversations about math and clearly support their reasoning with evidence. In this course teachers will be provided with a range of practical tools for gathering and analyzing language samples that show how students learn and what supports they need in elementary math classrooms. These tools can support formative assessment and instructional planning. Focal topics include developing students'' language for engaging in the eight Common Core mathematical practices fostering constructive conversations and communicating evidence and reasoning. This course will also enable teachers to collaborate with other educators and build professional relationships that result in an online community focused on improving students? abilities to use rich academic language to learn and show learning of mathematical skills and concepts. While the course is intended specifically for those who teach English learners and students with disabilities the content of this course is equally applicable to teaching all students who are challenged by the academic uses of language in math instruction. Check out summer 2014 highlights ?','https://novoed.com/mastering-language-common-core-2','',2014-03-26,0,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','No','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'The Startup Pitch','This course is designed to improve your pitch and win funding faster. You will learn the four components of every pitch based on case studies of pitches that worked. You will gain strategies to pitch persuasively...','The Course The Startup Pitch is the most complete reference source for pitch skills used in today?s startup world. You will learn the proven formula for a successful pitch based on case studies of pitches that worked. You will also gather insights on slide development and delivery. This course is designed to improve your pitch and win funding faster. Pitching is a social activity and exercises allow you to put these strategies into action and receive feedback. This feedback will give you novel insights into your current thinking. Each week includes a short video lecture with light reading to learn these strategies. Web links to successful pitches will also be available so you can watch how it?s been done before. After you finish this course you will have new skills to pitch convincingly and show investment value. With a clear pitch strategy you may also experience a newfound competence and confidence in front of investors. Perfect for entrepreneurs serious in seeking funding. This course will improve your pitch so you win funding faster. Check out winter 2013 highlights ? More Information After this course you''ll have the skills to: Learn the proven formula to win funding Present your pitch with persuasive flow Craft strong slides to sell your startup Manage questions with confidence','https://novoed.com/startup-pitch','https://www.youtube.com/embed/nkbxngnkHII?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',05, 2014-05-01,0,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','149.00','English','No','Kauffman Fellows Academy Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Mini MBA: Unlocking the Secrets of the Ivory Tower','This course reviews management literature and is designed for individuals and teams who want to utilize research in core business fields to become more effective managers. This course is designed for participants in...','The Course This course reviews management literature and is designed for individuals and teams who want to utilize research in core business fields to become more effective managers. The material is catered to participants in organizations of all sizes including entrepreneurs managers in corporations and startups and policymakers. Our premise is that management is a discipline that can be learned from study and that a diverse set of academic research has practical and actionable implications for how to manage in a modern organization. The lecture material is based on our book Unlocking the Ivory Tower: How Management Research Can Transform Your Business. Check out winter 2013 highlights ? More Information Workload 6-8 hours per week. Technical Requirements You need a computer that allows you to watch the video lectures and the ability to upload your assignments which will be reports and powerpoint/video presentations. Statement of Accomplishment Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor. This statement will not stand in the place of a course taken at Stanford or an accredited institution. Syllabus: Week 1: Strategy Strategy is the long-term direction and scope of an organization as that organization pursues advantage through its configuration of resources to meet the needs of markets and to fulfill stakeholder expectations (Johnson and Scholes 2006). Corporate strategy addresses which business a corporation will participate in and business strategy focuses on how a particular business competes within its industry. Week 2: Entrepreneurship Shane and Venkataraman (2000 p. 218) define the academic field of entrepreneurship as the ?scholarly examination of how by whom and with what effects opportunities to create future goods and services are discovered evaluated and exploited.? Why do some people and not others discover and exploit the opportunities that are the heart of entrepreneurship Week 3: Leadership Leadership is a process whereby an individual influences a group of individuals to achieve a common goal. We look at competing views of what leaders should do what they actually do how leaders establish organizational culture and what are the elements of constructive leadership. Week 4: Organization and Processes Organizational design is the alignment of structure process rewards metrics and talent with the strategy of the business. In this chapter we describe what has (and has not) been established to promote organizational effectiveness. Week 5: International Business All companies?even new companies in new industries?must consider the global environment in which they operate. Key international business literature addresses dimensions such as theories of multinational enterprises international political economy multinational management and culture. These dimensions provide managers with tools and concepts needed for growing beyond national borders. Week 6: Innovation Contexts for innovation vary based on location industry and country. We look here at how innovation diffuses or spreads and thus how current technology such as the web and social media might affect the adoption of innovative outputs. It is essential that managers understand the contexts for innovation at the firm industry and country levels in creating and managing innovation strategies. Week 7: Finance Finance is the study of how investors allocate their assets over time under conditions of certainty and uncertainty and typically examines the relationship between money time and risk. Week 8: Other Topics','https://novoed.com/minimba-2-2014','https://www.youtube.com/embed/788w1JzFpUQ?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2014-05-05,45,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','249.00','English','Yes','Mini MBA: Unlocking the Secrets of the Ivory Tower's Logo','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Creativity: Music to My Ears','In this course Tina Seelig reveals a set of tools and conditions that we each control - our Innovation Engine - that allows us to increase our own creativity and that of our teams and organizations. She shows that...','The Course With the power to cross borders and languages music serves as a compelling tool for unlocking creative potential. Creativity: Music to My Ears is a six week course designed to explore several factors that stimulate creativity in individuals teams and organizations. In each session we will focus on a different variable related to creativity such as reframing problems connecting and combining ideas and challenging assumptions. All of the projects in this experiential course will deal with some aspect of music including listening creating and sharing. No musical talent is required - just an interest in exploring the role that music plays in our lives. To deepen your understanding of music throughout the course we will include video clips from experts in the music industry including world-renowned Warner Music recording artists Stanford music scholars and industry executives who work to bring new and innovative musical expression to a global audience. The course includes weekly projects that will each take approximately 5 hours to complete. Each Wednesday a new challenge will be presented and the results are due the following Tuesday. The first two weeks there individual challenges followed by a two week team project and a final individual assignment. For the two-week team project you can select your own team members we can put you on a team or you can work by yourself. All assignments will be submitted on the course website and viewed by fellow class participants allowing you to see a breadth of solutions for each challenge and get feedback on your work. There will also be a course Twitter feed and Facebook page and several Google Hangouts that will enable active discussions on specific topics. As Plato is quoted as saying "Music gives a soul to the universe wings to the mind flight to the imagination and life to everything." Recommended textbook: inGenius: A Crash Course on Creativity by Tina Seelig. Check out summer 2013 highlights ? More Information Workload: Expect to spend between 1 - 5 hours a week on the course. Technical Requirements: You need a computer that allows you to watch the video lectures and the ability to upload your assignments which will be images videos slides and text. You will also be required to collaborate with teammates via email skype and other free online tools. Prerequisites: This is an introductory course designed for anyone anywhere in the world. There are no prerequisites. It would be helpful to have basic skills taking digital photos creating slide presentations and creating short videos for your homework submissions. Course Content: The course is designed to introduce you to a set of tools for generating new ideas individually and as part of a team including opportunity identification reframing problems connecting and combining ideas and challenging assumptions. We will also discuss team dynamics creative communication and cultures that support creative problem solving. Team Projects: There are several short team projects in the course. You can bring your own team or we will create one for you. Evaluation: Because this course focuses on creativity evaluation of the projects is necessarily subjective. Our goal is to make sure that you get thoughtful feedback on your submissions and to showcase the most creative solutions for each challenge. To do this the entire class will be involved in providing feedback on the assignments. The more projects you review the more feedback you receive on your project. Also you will be getting guidance and feedback on your evaluations in order to make sure they are as accurate and constructive as possible. The projects that are the most highly rated will be showcased on the course home page. Statement of Accomplishment: Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor. This statement will not stand in the place of a course taken at Stanford or an accredited institution.','https://novoed.com/creativity-music','',2014-04-02,36,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Evaluaci?n de Decisiones Estrat?gicas','Entre m?s irreversibles son las decisiones que un proyecto involucra mayor esfuerzo debe asignarse a la valorizaci?n de sus distintas alternativas. Este curso muestra como evaluar proyectos utilizando las...','The Course Este curso muestra como evaluar proyectos utilizando las metodolog?as financieras tradicionales de flujos de caja descontados incorporando en las valorizaciones las consideraciones estrat?gicas y haciendo uso de toda la informaci?n disponible. Este curso gratuito de cinco semanas est? orientado a todos los que hablan espa?ol que desean mejorar sus competencias en la toma de decisiones estrat?gicas en el panorama empresarial y establecer simult?neamente redes con hispano parlantes alrededor de todo el mundo. Los estudiantes desarrollar?n un proyecto trabajando en equipo a distancia y habr? retroalimentaci?n entre los diferentes grupos. Ense?a como construir un flujo de caja y como calcular su valor actualizado neto (VAN) y otros indicadores de su rentabilidad. Cubre temas conceptuales como los costos y beneficios pertinentes. Tambi?n aspectos pr?cticos como el tratamiento de la depreciaci?n la estimaci?n del capital de trabajo y la determinaci?n del horizonte de evaluaci?n y del valor residual. Y cubre asuntos m?s t?cnicos como el c?lculo de la tasa con la que se deben descontar los flujos o costo del capital. Se explica como incorporar en la evaluaci?n los aspectos estrat?gicos del proyecto. Ense?a como valorizar su ventaja competitiva y como incorporar las fuerzas que atentan contra la sustentaci?n de las rentabilidades en el tiempo: la imitaci?n la sustituci?n y otras. Y explica como valorizar la flexibilidad inherente al proyecto de ampliarse si se reciben buenas noticias y de reducirse en caso contrario. El curso muestra tambi?n como hacer uso de la informaci?n disponible en la industria en los estados financieros y en los precios de mercado. Respecto a estos precios se explica por ejemplo el m?todo de valorizaci?n por m?ltiplos. Este permite definir un rango para el valor del proyecto directamente a partir de informaci?n del mercado financiero de precios de acciones de empresas comparables cuando estas empresas existen. El curso resalta las mejores pr?cticas en la construcci?n de los flujos de cajas en la incorporaci?n de la estrategia y en la recolecci?n de la informaci?n. Por ejemplo a la hora de definir un proyecto se recomienda no combinar decisiones separables y no separar proyectos complementarios o competitivos. El curso hace amplio uso de casos para introducir las materias en forma realista y estimulante. Check out fall 2013 highlights ? More Information **Tareas individuales y grupales** Los alumnos deber?n estudiar en l?nea los videos y lecturas de las 5 clases (una cada semana) y evaluar grupalmente un proyecto real propuesto por los mismos alumnos. Los grupos ser?n de 6 participantes. Tu puedes traer tu grupo al curso. Se espera que los alumnos le dediquen al curso aproximadamente 8 horas semanales por 5 semanas. **Evaluaci?n** El curso utiliza el m?todo de evaluaci?n de pares. Adem?s de realizar sus propias tareas lo participantes del curso deber?n evaluar los trabajos realizados por los otros alumnos y entregar ?feedback?. **Prerrequisitos** El curso est? dise?ado para cualquier persona en cualquier lugar del mundo que hable espa?ol. El curso no tiene prerrequisitos. Es ?til tener la capacidad de hacer una presentaci?n en powerpoint y tener alg?n conocimiento de matem?tica financiera. **Requerimientos t?cnicos** Necesitaras un computador con conexi?n a internet para ver los videos y leer las lecturas. Deber?s trabajar a distancia con los otros miembros de tu grupo comunic?ndote a trav?s de internet usando email y skype por ejemplo. **Reconocimiento de participaci?n** Los alumnos que completen el curso con un resultado satisfactorio recibir?n un certificado de la Pontificia Universidad Cat?lica de Chile reconociendo su participaci?n.','https://novoed.com/decisiones-1-2014','https://www.youtube.com/embed/81ceQjqr17M?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2014-04-01,45,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','No','Evaluaci?n de Decisiones Estrat?gicas's Logo','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Constructive Classroom Conversations: Mastering Language for the Common Core State Standards (Secondary)','The Common Core State Standards for English ELA and Mathematics emphasize improving the quality of student-to-student discourse as a major feature of instruction. The new standards specifically describe the...','The Course The Common Core State Standards and Next Generation Science Standards emphasize improving the quality of student-to-student discourse as a major feature of instruction. The new standards specifically describe the importance of students understanding the reasoning of others and engaging in meaningful conversations using evidence for claims. Yet this type of student-to-student interaction tends to be rare in classrooms. Common classroom teaching activities such as whole class discussions jigsaws and think-pair-shares can have the appearance of constructive interactions but they often do not provide adequate opportunities for all students to engage in back-and-forth dialog. This short course looks closely at student-to-student conversations and addresses ways to improve students'' abilities to engage in the types of interactions described in the new standards. This course consists of four sessions with three weeks between each session in order to provide extra time for application and reflection. The learning in this course relies heavily on participant contributions and comments. The sessions and assignments are designed for participants who teach or have access to classrooms in which they can gather samples of students? conversation during lessons. Finally we include resources and tasks for instructional coaches and others who support teachers and build school-wide capacity. Please note that this is a slightly modified version of a previous course offered in Fall 2013. This course is targeted towards secondary school teachers. We hope you will join us on this exciting journey. Check out course highlights ? More Information Prerequisites In order to participate in the course you will need to have access to a classroom in which you or the teacher you are observing are able to collect short samples of paired student talk two different times. Frequently Asked Questions Will I get a Statement of Accomplishment This course may be taken for a free statement of accomplishment. How much of the time commitment will this course be Online work will take around 1 hour per week; assignments will take around 1 hour per week. Any additional textbooks or software required No. Syllabus Weeks 1-2: Constructive Conversations I In these two weeks we dive into what high-quality talk between students can sound like in lessons that effectively teach the new standards. Specifically we focus on the features of ?constructive interactions? during which students create clarify support and negotiate ideas as they talk about concepts and build understandings in a discipline. Weeks 3-4: Teaching the Constructive Conversation Skills These two weeks focus on instruction to support rich interaction introduced in Module 1. We analyze video clips that show teaching that fosters interaction skills described in the new standards. We look at activities that help students build interactions skills for staying focused on objectives building and negotiating ideas and clarifying ideas. Weeks 5-6: Constructive Conversations II These two weeks we will look more in depth at how to foster student interactions that build the learning of lesson objectives challenge thinking and push students to use more complex language of the Common Core standards. Week 7: Collaboration Communication and Community This will be a summative week when we will pull together everything we?ve covered in the course to create a product that communicates to other teachers the value of having a discourse focus for implementing the new standards. You will also consider next steps for applying and collaborating in this work during the year.','https://novoed.com/classroom-conversations-secondary','https://www.youtube.com/embed/K_vw7Ne-tGw?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2014-03-06,84,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Constructive Classroom Conversations: Mastering Language for the Common Core State Standards (Elementary)','The Common Core State Standards for English ELA and Mathematics emphasize improving the quality of student-to-student discourse as a major feature of instruction. The new standards specifically describe the...','The Course The Common Core State Standards and Next Generation Science Standards emphasize improving the quality of student-to-student discourse as a major feature of instruction. The new standards specifically describe the importance of students understanding the reasoning of others and engaging in meaningful conversations using evidence for claims. Yet this type of student-to-student interaction tends to be rare in classrooms. Common classroom teaching activities such as whole class discussions jigsaws and think-pair-shares can have the appearance of constructive interactions but they often do not provide adequate opportunities for all students to engage in back-and-forth dialog. This short course looks closely at student-to-student conversations and addresses ways to improve students'' abilities to engage in the types of interactions described in the new standards. This course consists of four sessions with three weeks between each session in order to provide extra time for application and reflection. The learning in this course relies heavily on participant contributions and comments. The sessions and assignments are designed for participants who teach or have access to classrooms in which they can gather samples of students? conversation during lessons. Finally we include resources and tasks for instructional coaches and others who support teachers and build school-wide capacity. Please note that this is a slightly modified version of a previous course offered in Fall 2013. This course is targeted towards elementary school teachers. We hope you will join us on this exciting journey. Check out course highlights ? More Information Prerequisites In order to participate in the course you will need to have access to a classroom in which you or the teacher you are observing are able to collect short samples of paired student talk two different times. Frequently Asked Questions Will I get a Statement of Accomplishment This course may be taken for a free statement of accomplishment. How much of the time commitment will this course be Online work will take around 1 hour per week; assignments will take around 1 hour per week. Any additional textbooks or software required No. Syllabus Weeks 1-2: Constructive Conversations I In these two weeks we dive into what high-quality talk between students can sound like in lessons that effectively teach the new standards. Specifically we focus on the features of ?constructive interactions? during which students create clarify support and negotiate ideas as they talk about concepts and build understandings in a discipline. Weeks 3-4: Teaching the Constructive Conversation Skills These two weeks focus on instruction to support rich interaction introduced in Module 1. We analyze video clips that show teaching that fosters interaction skills described in the new standards. We look at activities that help students build interactions skills for staying focused on objectives building and negotiating ideas and clarifying ideas. Weeks 5-6: Constructive Conversations II These two weeks we will look more in depth at how to foster student interactions that build the learning of lesson objectives challenge thinking and push students to use more complex language of the Common Core standards. Week 7: Collaboration Communication and Community This will be a summative week when we will pull together everything we?ve covered in the course to create a product that communicates to other teachers the value of having a discourse focus for implementing the new standards. You will also consider next steps for applying and collaborating in this work during the year.','https://novoed.com/classroom-conversations-elementary','https://www.youtube.com/embed/K_vw7Ne-tGw?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2014-03-06,84,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Decision Skills: Power Tools to Build Your Life','Good decision-making is an essential life skill most people acquire through trial and error. Few have had the benefit of formal training in decision making or are aware of decision science. This course demonstrates...','The Course Have you ever faced a decision you really struggled over but just couldn?t find your way Imagine you had been given a set of tools so you were confident of making the best choice you could make. This course provides a path to developing those decision skills and improving your life.? Good decision-making is an essential life skill most people acquire through trial and error. Few have had the benefit of formal training in decision making or are aware of decision science. This course demonstrates how a framework to help us make better decisions decision quality can help overcome common mistakes humans fall into decision traps. The principles and practice of decision quality have been successfully applied in business medicine and engineering. Through our work with teachers schools and students we have witnessed the tremendous value this material brings through helping individuals and groups resolve their toughest dilemmas. In this course you will: Learn the decision quality framework for improving your personal and life decisions ? ? ? ? Discover common decision traps and tools to combat them Apply the decision framework to a variety of situations to experience the value of making better decisions ? Participants in similar courses have experienced increased awareness of decision opportunities and greater confidence in making decisions. Furthermore improving your motivation and commitment in following through increases your chances of a successful outcome for your decisions. This course is designed for adults who work with youth: educators mentors counselors and parents. Teenagers will also find the material accessible and relevant to their life and the choices they face. For this reason parents and mentors can benefit from participating in the course along with a young person to gain a shared language for decision making. These advanced concepts have demonstrated value with individuals of all ages and we believe those who apply them will find they are of immediate value in improving their life. The Decision Education Foundation (DEF) is dedicated to making decision skills accessible to young people and to bringing decision education into the mainstream. Visit www.decisioneducation.org for more information. Check out spring 2014 highlights ? More Information Workload:? Expect to spend between 2-3 hours per week on the course over the six-week period. Course Design:? This course is designed as a combination of short lectures and engaging team-based activities. While participants may work on their own for a richer educational experience we recommend joining a team. Course Content: Week 1: ?Take Charge and Improve Your Outcomes with Decision Skills? Week 2: Recognize and Avoid Decision Traps Week 3: ?Define a Helpful Frame and Clarify Your Values ? ?? Week 4: Explore Creative Alternatives and Generate Useful Information Week 5: Apply Sound Reasoning? Week 6: Commit and Follow Through Technical Requirements: You will need a computer that allows you to watch the video lectures and upload a variety of assignments including videos slides and text. Statement of Accomplishment: Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor. Receiving Credit as a High School Student: A high school student may enroll in this course and upon completing the coursework and an evaluation at the conclusion of the course receive high school credit. The credit represents 20 hours of coursework the equivalent of .25 credits. The granting of the credit costs $60 in administration and evaluation fees. For more information send an email to: ?info@decisioneducation.org.','https://novoed.com/decision-skills3','https://www.youtube.com/embed/pFNsMutC0zs?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2014-04-14,36,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','Decision Education Foundation Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Technology Entrepreneurship Part 2','This is the second part of a course that introduces the fundamentals of technology entrepreneurship pioneered in Silicon Valley and now spreading across the world. You will learn the process technology entrepreneurs...','The Course This is the second half of a course that introduces the fundamentals of technology entrepreneurship pioneered in Silicon Valley and now spreading across the world. Last time nearly 40000 students from around the world participated and worked in teams together. The top teams were matched with Silicon Valley mentors and the best teams at the end of the class pitched their ideas to investors. Many of the alumni of the last class are continuing to build their startups and will be mentoring teams this time. By the conclusion of the course it is our hope that you understand how to: - Articulate a process for taking a technology idea and finding a high-potential commercial opportunity (high performing students will be able to discuss the pros and cons of alternative theoretical models). - Create and verify a plan for gathering resources such as talent and capital. - Create and verify a business model for how to sell and market an entrepreneurial idea. - Generalize this process to an entrepreneurial mindset of turning problems into opportunities that can be used in larger companies and other settings. Check out winter 2013 highlights ?','https://novoed.com/venture2-2014-1','https://www.youtube.com/embed/Hj03Cnbvt8s?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2014-05-11,55,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','No','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Designing a New Learning Environment','What constitutes learning in the 21st century Should reading watching memorizing facts and then taking exams be the only way to learn Or could technology (used effectively) make learning more interactive...','The Course What constitutes learning in the 21st century Should reading watching memorizing facts and then taking exams be the only way to learn Or could technology (used effectively) make learning more interactive collaborative and constructive Could learning be more engaging and fun We construct access visualize and share information and knowledge in very different ways than we did decades ago. The amount and types of information created shared and critiqued every day is growing exponentially and many skills required in today?s working environment are not taught in formal school systems. In this more complex and highly-connected world we need new training and competency development?we need to design a new learning environment. The ultimate goal of this project-based course is to promote systematic design thinking that will cause a paradigm shift in the learning environments of today and tomorrow. Participants are not required to have computer programming skills but must have 1) a commitment to working in a virtual team and 2) the motivation to help people learn better. All of us have been involved in the learning process at some point in our lives; in this course we invite educators school leaders researchers students parents entrepreneurs computer programmers illustrators interface designers and all those who are interested in working together to create a new learning environment. After the completion of this course students will be able to: - Identify advantages disadvantages limitations and potentials of at least 10 interactive learning models and solutions. - Describe how online communication collaboration and visualization technology play a role in the behavioral cognitive constructivist and social dimensions of learning. - Describe the major components and processes involved in development of interactive education systems. - Communicate rationales of learning technology design approaches through team-oriented collaborations. - Evaluate the value of ideas principles and techniques used in educational media or systems. As a Final Team Project students will design a new learning model catering to 21st century environments and learners. Each self-formed team will design and develop an application or system that combines team interaction activities and learning support features in ways that are effective and appropriate for today''s computing and communication devices. Students must consider potential idiosyncrasies with various learning devices (e.g. tablet phone PC) infrastructure requirements (e.g. cellular network wi-fi Bluetooth) and any special hypothetical circumstances if relevant. In addition each team must create and defend a business model (non-profit for-profit or hybrid) for the launch and scale up their solution. Additional consideration will be given to teams that come up with system feature ideas presenting meaningful learning interaction and performance analytics. Check out course highlights ? More Information Schedule The course runs from Oct 15 - Dec 20 2012. Workload 4 hours a week. Technical Requirements You need a computer that allows you to watch the video lectures and the ability to upload your assignments which will be digital artifacts such as powerpoint or video presentations. Statement of Accomplishment Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor. This statement will not stand in the place of a course taken at Stanford or an accredited institution.','https://novoed.com/education','https://www.youtube.com/embed/nxfsO1BZtKo?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2012-10-21,60,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Finance','This class introduces the basic concepts of modern finance and their practical application. Learn about financial markets and securities how to rank investment alternatives use different interest rates immunize a...','The Course We live in an uncertain world. Every day we need to make decisions about alternatives whose consequences cannot be predicted with certainty. Here are a few examples: You have saved 2000 dollars from your summer internship. Should you put it under your mattress buy a Certificate of Deposit Apple stock or an S&P 500 index fund You manage a mutual fund specializing in technology stocks. Which proportion of the fund''s total assets should you invest in each of the stocks recommended by your analysts You work for a venture capital firm that wants to exit an investment. How can you compute the fair value the firm''s share in the venture In each of these situations you need to commit resources (time money effort etc.) in the face of uncertainty about the future. This course develops concepts and tools to address these types of situations. The focus is on basic principles and how they are applied in practice. No prior knowledge of finance required. A basic preparation in mathematics (probability statistics and optimization) is desirable; however many technical concepts and tools will be developed or reviewed in the course. The course is appropriate for engineering or science students wishing to apply their quantitative skills to develop a basic understanding of financial modeling and markets. This is a 10 week course. There will be several short (5-30 minutes) lectures each week. Challenges covering the lecture material will be given each week. There will also be two projects that involve real financial data. Solutions will be posted online. Submissions will be evaluated by fellow participants. The following topics will be covered:? Time is money: understand basic interest rates Evaluating investments: present value and internal rate of return Fixed-income markets: bonds yield duration portfolio immunization Term structure of interest rates 5. Measuring risk: volatility and value at risk Designing optimal security portfolios Check out course highlights ? More Information Workload 5 hours per week. Technical Requirements You need a computer that allows you to watch the video lectures and the ability to upload your assignments. You will also be required to collaborate with teammates via email skype and other free online tools. Statement of Accomplishment Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor. This statement will not stand in the place of a course taken at Stanford or an accredited institution.','https://novoed.com/finance13','https://www.youtube.com/embed/69VZunwRVYE?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2013-04-29,55,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Graph Partitioning and Expanders','This research-oriented graduate course focuses study algorithms for graph partitioning and clustering constructions of expander graphs and analysis of random walks. These are three topics that build on the same...','The Course In this research-oriented graduate course we will study algorithms for graph partitioning and clustering constructions of expander graphs and analysis of random walks. These are three topics that build on the same mathematical background and that have several important connections: for example it is possible to find graph clusters via random walks and it is possible to use the linear programming approach to graph partitioning as a way to study random walks. We will study spectral graph theory which explains how certain combinatorial properties of graphs are related to the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the adjacency matrix and we will use it describe and analyze spectral algorithms for graph partitioning and clustering. Spectral graph theory will recur as an important tool in the rest of the course. We we will also discuss other approaches to graph partitioning via linear programming and semidefinite programming. Then we will study constructions of expander graphs which are graphs with very strong pseudorandomness properties which are useful in many applications including in cryptography in complexity theory in algorithms and data structures and in coding theory. Finally we will study the mixing time of random walks a problem that comes up in several applications including the analysis of the convergence time of certain randomized algorithms such as the Metropolis algorithm. Workload? about 8 hours per week Prerequisites? linear algebra discrete probability and algorithms Check out course highlights ?','https://novoed.com/expanders','https://www.youtube.com/embed/Kr9olRsABR8?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2013-04-23,105,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','No','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Practice Based Research in the Arts','A unique online course and multi-platform site dedicated to an interrogation of practice-based research in the arts. Users upload documentation and excerpts of work in progress alongside reflections with an emphasis...','','https://novoed.com/pbr','https://www.youtube.com/embed/hQRx8waBOLs?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2013-10-09,63,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','No','Stanford University Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Design Thinking Action Lab','In this experiential course Stanford d.school lecturer and Epicenter Deputy Director Leticia Britos Cavagnaro and her team will take you on a journey to learn the design thinking process. This methodology for...','The Course All humans are born as creative beings but as we grow up school and work offer few opportunities to cultivate and apply our creativity. At Stanford?s Hasso Plattner Institute of Design - known as the d.school - students of all disciplines learn the design thinking process as a methodology for creative and human-centered problem solving that empowers them to collaborate across disciplines and tackle the world?s biggest challenges. In this experiential course - free and open to all - you will learn the design thinking process by tackling a real world innovation challenge. As preparation for each stage of the challenge you will explore the main design thinking concepts through short videos each paired with brief activities to practice relevant methods and approaches. There will be one weekly assignment reporting on your progress as well as weekly Google hangouts with the instructor. On the last week of the course you will apply the process to your own context and challenges while hearing from experts who use design thinking to innovate in differents fields such as healthcare and education. By the end of the course you will have learned through experience the mindsets and basic tools for each stage of the design thinking process: Empathize: understanding the needs of those you are designing for.? Define: framing problems as opportunities for creative solutions. Ideate: generating a range of possible solutions.? Prototype: communicating the core elements of solutions to others. Test: learning what works and doesn?t work to improve solutions. While you will work on the course challenge as an individual you will interact with other like-minded participants from around the world to share your experiences and exchange feedback along the way. Developing self-reflection habits and the ability for effective peer-to-peer interactions are also important learning outcomes of the course. Please join our learning community! This online course was developed as part of Epicenter?s efforts to infuse entrepreneurship and innovation into undergraduate engineering education. Engineering students will be able to apply these design thinking tools and skills to enhance their technical education. Faculty will have the opportunity to join a dedicated discussion group on how to incorporate new online learning resources into their teaching practices. Learn more about Epicenter at?http://epicenter.stanford.edu.??Sign up for the Epicenter newsletter for updates on programs and opportunities for engineering students and faculty at?http://eepurl.com/fHgLw. Check out course highlights ? More Information Workload.?Expect to spend between 1 - 5 hours a week on the course. Prerequisites.?This is an introductory course?and there are no prerequisites. Technical Requirements.?You need a computer that allows you to watch the video lectures and the ability to upload your assignments which will include text reports and images or video. Statement of Accomplishment.?Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor. This statement will not stand in the place of a course taken at Stanford or an accredited institution.','https://novoed.com/designthinking','https://www.youtube.com/embed/yjyutgqoBLo?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2013-07-22,35,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','Design Thinking Action Lab's Logo','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'The Finance of Retirement & Pensions','This eight-week course focuses on the financial concepts behind sound retirement plan investment and pension fund management. Course participants will become more informed decision makers about their own portfolios...','The Course In this eight-week course you will learn the financial concepts behind sound retirement plan investment and pension fund management. Course participants will become more informed decision makers about their own portfolios and be equipped to evaluate economic policy discussions that surround public pensions. The course begins with the principles of financial economics such as the distribution of outcomes when investing in stocks bonds or annuities. These serve as the building blocks for an understanding of different retirement strategies that can help you improve your asset allocation. Finally the course applies these principles to government programs and policies. The Finance of Retirement and Pensions will culminate in an interactive symposium about the challenges of U.S. pension systems. Held in January 2014 at Stanford Graduate School of Business the event will feature representatives of the MOOC teams with the five most promising ideas for pension reform who will present their proposals to a distinguished panel of faculty and experts in finance and public policy. Expenses will be covered by Stanford Graduate School of Business and the Hoover Institution. Recommended Background: Ideally you will have had some exposure to economics or finance in the form of college-level courses even if that exposure is not especially recent or extensive You?ll want to understand the value of a diversified stock portfolio interest rates and inflation You?ll be able to follow along best if you understand the present value formula as well as statistical concepts like means medians standard deviations and percentiles We will provide review sheets about formulas for the present value of a perpetuity a growing perpetuity and an annuity and suggest that you review a few concepts about probability We will be doing calculations in Microsoft Excel as part of the coursework Check out course highlights ? More Information Workload: Expect to spend between 4 - 6 hours a week on the course. Technical Requirements: You need a computer that allows you to watch the video lectures edit spreadsheets and the ability to upload your assignments which will include text reports and images or video. Statement of Accomplishment: Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor. This statement will not stand in the place of a course taken at Stanford or an accredited institution. Disclaimer: This course contains general information about financial matters for educational purposes only. You should always consult with a competent financial services/legal professional licensed in your state with respect to your particular situation before making any decision. The information in the lecture videos is not advice and should not be treated as such. Stanford University makes no representations or warranties in relation to the legal financial or any information in this course.','https://novoed.com/rauh-finance','https://www.youtube.com/embed/e8d6GPryYWQ?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2013-10-14,60,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','The Finance of Retirement & Pensions's Logo','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Lead Like an Entrepreneur','This is an action-oriented course to help develop your entrepreneurial leadership skills whether or not you intend to start a new business. It will help you reexamine your mindset about leadership -- constantly...','The Course This is an action-oriented course to help develop your entrepreneurial leadership skills whether or not you intend to start a new business and will offer the elements needed to take initiative from any organizational position. It will help you reexamine your mindset about leadership -- constantly seeking opportunities action to test possibilities learning and new actions. You will develop your vision of what kind of leader you want to be your ability to engage with colleagues to create a high performing team and your skills at influencing the many people whose cooperation you need even though you can?t give them orders. The course assumes that leadership is about more than being the one formally in charge although it includes that and requires enlisting the efforts of others to accomplish organizational goals. You will have a chance to formulate a vision of what kind of leader you want to be work with a (virtual) team practice giving and receiving feedback on team performance and role play influencing someone you will actually need to influence to accomplish your goals. This will be an interactive course requiring not only individual learning but teamwork for completion. You will learn from short video lectures online discussion of brief videos of people interacting at work experiential exercises use of personal examples team discussion feedback among team members on contributions to team discussions and development of a personal leadership vision. You will interact with your team members and classmates from around the world. More Information Workload. Expect to spend between 3 - 5 hours a week on the course. Prerequisites. This is an introductory course and there are no prerequisites. Work experience will be very helpful. Technical Requirements. You need a computer that allows you to watch the video lectures and examples and the ability to upload your assignments which will include text reports and possibly images or video. Statement of Accomplishment. Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructors. This statement will not stand in the place of a course taken at Babson or an accredited institution.','https://novoed.com/entrepreneur','https://www.youtube.com/embed/-tuW3Cot-b0?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',24, 2014-03-01,0,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','0','English','Yes','Babson Global Online','2014-03-31')

insert into course_data values(null,'Venture Capital 101','If you want to learn how to be a successful venture capitalist or how to raise venture capital for your startup you?ll want to know how a venture capitalist thinks and makes investment decisions. This online course...','The Course If you want to learn how to be a successful venture capitalist or how to raise venture capital for your startup you?ll want to know how a venture capitalist thinks and makes investment decisions. This online course on venture capital covers both the mechanics of venture capital investment and the important role investors play in shaping the culture of successful startups. Founder-VC mismatches or culture clashes are silent killers of both startups and innovation.? Venture Capital 101 is based on the most respected private training program for aspiring venture capitalists the Kauffman Fellows Program.?This online course on venture capital covers both the mechanics of venture capital investment and the important role investors play in shaping the culture of successful startups. ? In addition to professionals wanting to enter the venture capital field entrepreneurs looking to raise venture capital funding this course is also for anyone who works with the venture community including lawyers accountants angel investors bankers policy makers regulators and educators.? How Does Venture Capital Work This class includes such topics as: how VCs create a focus (an investment thesis) source deals perform due diligence make investment decisions negotiate term sheets serve on boards and manage a venture capital firm. After completing this course you will understand how investors: find great entrepreneurs by first creating an investment thesis (a focus) and then generating deal flow (finding startups?to?consider?investing?in) conduct due diligence on a startup particularly the potential market the product the team and financial risks structure financings using term sheets capitalization tables and syndication all with the goal of minimizing risks and creating effective?managerial incentives work with entrepreneurs to build teams create scalable business models and design successful cultures contribute on a startup?s board of directors exit through IPOs and trade sales and manage the economics of a venture capital firm.? Check out course highlights ? More Information This online class will be team oriented and practice based. Vidoes and readings cover venture investment best practices. However much of your learning will take place as you work with your virtual team to create a venture investment group and apply these best practices to case studies and real startups. Workload: 6-8 hours / week Statement of Accomplishment: Subject to satisfactory performance and course completion you will receive a statement of accomplishment signed by the instructor.? Syllabus? Week 1: The Science of Capital Formation ? Week 2: Building your venture team - ? ? ? Activity: build your venture team from members of the class - ? ? ? Activity: create an investment thesis with your team ? Week 3: Sourcing - ? ? ? Activity: identify promising startups with your team that align with your investment thesis ? Week 4: Due diligence & decision making - ? ? ? Learn how to evaluate a startups market team technology and business model risks - ? ? ? Learn how venture capitalists ultimately make investment decisions - ? ? ? Activity: apply this learning to one of your sourced startups ? Week 5: Term Sheets and Capitalization Tables - ? ? ? Learn the basic terms of a venture financing and their obvious and non obvious long term implications - ? ? ? Learn how to interpret a capitalization table and appreciate how stock ownership is diluted over time - ? ? ? Activity: create a capitalization table for one of your sourced companies or for the class case study. ? Week 6: Startup Boards - ? ? ? Learn how effective startup boards work and how to be an effective startup board member. - ? ? ? Activity: create a board for one of your sourced companies or for the class case study. ? Week 7: Supporting entrepreneurs - ? ? ? Overview of how investors can support entrepreneurs from building good legal and financial practices to hiring and building a culture. ? Week 8: Managing an innovation investment business - ? ? ? Overview of how venture capitalists make money and manage their business from the typical fee and carry business model to building personal brands. Activity: design your venture business','https://novoed.com/vc101','https://www.youtube.com/embed/GwaEv7i8HUQ?vq=auto&rel=0&showinfo=0&autohide=1&wmode=transparent&origin=https://novoed.com',2013-10-07,56,'https://d2d6mu5qcvgbk5.cloudfront.net/courses/cover_photos/c4f5fd2efb200e71d09014970cf0b8c86e1e7013.png?1375831955','','NovoEd','999.00','English','Yes','Kauffman Fellows Academy Online','2014-03-31')

